Unify the output of the styles folder build (#3032)
Shopify/polaris-react: UNRELEASED.md

### Development workflow

> - Updated how we reference global animations so we can have one public sass API for all consumers instead one entrypoint (`styles/_public-api.scss`) for consumers using plain scss and one entrypoint (`styles/esnext/_public-api.scss`) for consumers using css modules ([#3032](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/3032))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated how global animations are referenced, in order to publish a single entrypoint for the public Sass API (`styles/_public-api.scss`), instead of two (`styles/_public-api.scss` for “vanilla” SCSS and `styles/esnext/_public-api.scss` for CSS Modules) ([#3032](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/3032))
```

Author: We don't actually provide any docs on sass api usage in this repo. The path we mention in https://github.com/Shopify/sewing-kit/blob/master/docs/plugins/sass.md#autoinclude can be updated but I'll do that after this gets shipped
